# AppStract
Some R markdown code to webscrape article titles and abstracts from the most recent issue of various academic journals. I was surprised that I couldn't find a tool like this that already exists, so I thought I'd try making one.

The code creates an HTML document (using the "readthedown" markdown theme from the "rmdformats" package) wherever the working directory on your machine is set, with the results for each journal in a separate table. I'm sure that the code itself is not optimal, but it is (or should be?) functional, as long as the HTML/CSS coding for these journal webpages is consistent over time. You may run into some occassional errors due to server timeouts and the like; I'm not sure what I can do about that on the coding end. Just try running it again.

You need two files to use this tool (saved in the same folder on your computer): the R markdown document ("AppStract.Rmd") and the library script ("library.R"). The library script is something like a bibtex file. It creates a list, wherein each element is a list of 6 inputs needed to create the table of most-recent-abstracts for each journal. You can add new journals yourself by copying these entries. What you need is: a url for the "most recent" or "current issue" webpage for the journal; the root url for articles; character strings that can be used (via regular expressions) to select out entries you don't want (e.g., book reviews; the default is "NULL," meaning no restrictions); CSS selectors to identify the title and abstract from the website's CSS source code; and the journal's name. Finding good CSS selectors is the trickiest part, and requires a little trial and error. Right now, the code only works for journals that have a fixed "current issue" page, but I'll eventually add functionality for other journals.

Check out the library to see the journals that are currently available. I've already added options for some well-known journals in political science, economics, environmental research, and sociology. I occasionally add others on my own, but let me know if you have suggestions.

This is still a work in process. I'm sure it could use plenty of fine tuning.
